I've bought a second window for the
kitchen it's mal iminium window and I've
already removed the reveals this video
will be highlights and interesting bits
for installing it I've put links in the
description for detailed videos on
installing metal stained glass and
wooden windows so with the second window
in the kitchen I'll just give you the
highlights and the interesting bits
I bought mitered steel for the frame and
welded it up the metal frame was quite
large so I had to put my pine framing in
place in order to support it for marking
out I've got a subscriber coming to help
install a window in order to speed
things along I've done 90% of the
cutting out having successfully cut most
of it out we got a large rainstorm and
now I've got a flooded container
out came the sunshine which dried up all
the rain and now I get to cut a window
again this topic is covered in full
detail in part 2 of the e-book how to
build an off-grid shipping container
house
I love that bit the engineer is happy
dance that's amazing what a difference
I pushed the frame into the hole and I
welded it up
the interiors been utterly transformed
is light and it's airy and there's a lot
of space I've got to fly screens that
don't fit so I'll make one that does
okay so I've just cut the new let's and
not my Tippin up here we go that's it
done it took a bit of fine-tuning but
we've got there in the end
okay so I'm just gonna put the new
flyscreen mesh into the window
okay that's us done all I did was use
the roller to roll the rubber edge into
the joints now this here's a sharp knife
to trim out the excess okay that's great
so I'll just install it well here's the
window installed and it's completely
weatherproof
I put some timber framing underneath the
window I lined it with socking
and then I installed the insulation bats
then I put a sheet of plywood over the
top the look and feel of the kitchen has
been absolutely transformed it's now
actually starting to feel like the
kitchen
well there we go on working window the
aluminium windows much easier to install
than the wooden one this window gives a
lot more ventilation than that one does
at some point in the future I'm going to
put down without a warning although we
want the Morning Sun we don't want some
intense heat using the place up there'll
be a bit of shade and we'll get the
light so onwards and upwards here's the
new view from the kitchen window
thanks for watching and I'll see you for
the next installment of the adventure
press subscribe to follow more of our
adventures and please press the like
button if you enjoyed this video it
helps the channel this topic is covered
in full detail in part 2 of the ebook
how to build an off-grid shipping
container house for more information
about the ebooks please visit my website
at build shipping container house calm